Prompt Executions Cost Tracking (#417)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-09.mdx

title: Changelog | September, 2024
---

## Cost Tracking for Prompt Deployment Executions Table

_September 17th 2024_

You can now see your cost for Prompt Executions in your Prompt Executions Table!

> ![cost_tracking_prompt_executions](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-09/prompt_executions_cost_tracking.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Cost tracking prompt executions](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-09/prompt_executions_cost_tracking.png)
```

Think the underscores would be a bummer to hear on a screen reader

title: Changelog | September, 2024
---

## Cost Tracking for Prompt Deployment Executions Table

_September 17th 2024_

> You can now see your cost for Prompt Executions in your Prompt Executions Table!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now see the cost of each Prompt Execution in the Prompt Executions Table.
```

![cost_tracking_prompt_executions](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-09/prompt_executions_cost_tracking.png)

> This should enable deeper optimization and performance analysis for your prompts, as well as provider further
> transparency for your resource usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the next step of many we have planned for improving visibility into LLM costs in Vellum. You might use this to audit expensive calls and optimize your prompts to reduce costs.
```
